---
title: "CALEB"
date: 2024-04-21T05:23:00+02:00
draft: false
---
<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <p>STRONG’S H3612 - dog, snappish, warding off</p>
  <p>The Bible says Caleb was from the tribe of Judah, but his father Jephunneh was a Kenizzite. The Kenizzites stayed in Canaan when the Lord gave the land to Abraham. At some stage Caleb or an ancestor of his left his tribe and joined the Israelites.</p>
  <p>Numbers 32:12 MEV<br>except Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenizzite, and Joshua the son of Nun, because they completely followed the LORD.'</p>
  <p>Joshua 14:14 MEV<br>Therefore Hebron became an inheritance of Caleb son of Jephunneh the Kenizzite until this day because he completely followed after the LORD, the God of Israel.</p>
  <p>Numbers 13:6 MEV<br>of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh;</p>
  <p>Genesis 15:18-21 MEV<br>On that same day the LORD made a covenant with Abram, saying, "To your descendants I have given this land, from the river of Egypt to the great Euphrates River- [19] the land of the Kenites, the Kenizzites, the Kadmonites, [20] the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Rephaites, [21] the Amorites, the Canaanites, the Girgashites, and the Jebusites."</p>
  <p>Caleb was one of the twelve spies Moses sent out.<br>Eventually, Caleb and Joshua were the only Israelites that left Egypt that were still alive to enter the Promised Land.&nbsp;<br>Joshua the son of Nun was from the tribe of Ephraim. Interestingly the 2 spies that brought the good report were representing the 2 tribes that will be the 2 &nbsp;leading tribes -Judah and Ephraim - after God split the kingdom when Solomon passed away.</p>
  <p>Numbers 14:6,24,30,38 MEV<br>Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, from the ones who explored the land, tore their clothes. [24] But My servant Caleb, because he had a different spirit with him and followed Me fully, I will bring him into the land where he went, and his seed will possess it. [30] you will not go into the land which I swore by My hand to cause you to dwell in it, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son of Nun. [38] But Joshua the son of Nun and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, from the men that went to explore the land, lived.</p>
  <p>Numbers 13:30MEV<br>[30] Caleb silenced the people before Moses and said, "Let us go up at once and possess it, for we are able to overcome it."</p>
  <p>Caleb had God’s Spirit and didn’t walk by sight but by the Spirit. He wholeheartedly followed God and waited 45 years to inherit the land Moses promised him. Caleb didn’t forget God’s promises; when the right<br>time came he reminded Joshua of it and he received the land. Caleb received land amongst the tribe of Judah. Even though Caleb was originally a Kenizzite he received the inheritance as a member of the tribe of Judah. Caleb’s ancestors might have been dogs in God’s sight, but Caleb’s heart condition gave him an inheritance. Your ancestors might be sinners, but your heart’s condition determines your inheritance. God is looking for people with a pure heart.</p>
  <p>Numbers 26:65 MEV<br>because the LORD had said of them, "They will surely die in the wilderness." And there was not a man left of them, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son of Nun.</p>
  <p>Numbers 32:12 MEV<br>except Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenizzite, and Joshua the son of Nun, because they completely followed the LORD.'</p>
  <p>Numbers 34:18-19 MEV<br>You will take one leader of each tribe to divide the land by inheritance. [19] These are the names of the men: of the tribe of Judah, Caleb the son of Jephunneh;</p>
  <p>Deuteronomy 1:36 MEV<br>The exception will be Caleb the son of Jephunneh. He shall see it, and to him I will give the land upon which he has walked, and to his children, because he has wholly followed the LORD."</p>
  <p>Joshua 14:6-15 MEV<br>The descendants of Judah approached Joshua at Gilgal, and Caleb son of Jephunneh the Kenizzite said to him, "You know what the LORD said to Moses the man of God about you and me at Kadesh Barnea. [7] I was forty years old when Moses the servant of the LORD sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy on the land, and I brought word back to him as it was in my heart. [8] My companions who went up with me made the hearts of the people melt, but I wholeheartedly followed after the LORD my God. [9] On that day Moses swore an oath, 'The land on which your foot treads shall be your inheritance, for your descendants perpetually, because you completely followed after the LORD my God.' [10] "Now, the LORD has kept me alive, just as He said, for forty-five years, since the LORD spoke this word to Moses while Israel wandered in the wilderness. Now, here I am this day, eighty-five years old. [11] I am still just as strong today as I was on the day that Moses sent me. My strength now is just like my strength then, both for battle and for going out and returning. [12] So now, give me this hill country that the LORD spoke about on that day. That day you heard that the Anakites live there in large, fortified cities. Perhaps the LORD will be with me, and I will drive them out, as the LORD said." [13] Then Joshua blessed him and gave Hebron to Caleb son of Jephunneh as an inheritance. [14] Therefore Hebron became an inheritance of Caleb son of Jephunneh the Kenizzite until this day because he completely followed after the LORD, the God of Israel. [15] The former name of Hebron was Kiriath Arba. Arba was the greatest man among the Anakites. Then the land had rest from war.</p>
  <p>Joshua 15:13-15 MEV<br>According to the word of the LORD to Joshua, Caleb son of Jephunneh was given an allotment among the tribe of Judah: Kiriath Arba (that is, Hebron). Arba was the father of Anak. [14] Caleb drove out from there three Anakites: Sheshai, Ahiman, and Talmai, descendants of Anak. [15] He went up from there against the inhabitants of Debir. Before the name of Debir was Kiriath Sepher.</p>
  <p>Judges 1:20 MEV<br>They gave Hebron to Caleb, as Moses had said, and he drove out the three sons of Anak.</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
 </body>
</html>