---
title: "CANAAN AND EGYPT"
date: 2024-06-27T04:17:00+02:00
draft: false
---
<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <p>God called Abram to make him a great nation in Canaan.</p>
  <p>Genesis 12:2-3 TPT<br>Follow me, and I will make you into a great nation. I will exceedingly bless and prosper you, and I will make you famous, so that you will be a tremendous source of blessing for others. [3] I will bless all who bless you and curse all who curse you. And through you all the families of the earth will be blessed.”</p>
  <p>CANAAN: Strong’s H3667 - land of purple hence merchant or trade.<br>BDB Lexicon: lowland.<br>God described Canaan as a land that overflows with milk and honey.<br>Noah had 3 sons: Shem, Ham and Japheth. Ham had a son named Canaan who was cursed due to his father’s sin. With the dispersion at Babel, 11 Canaanite nations were formed.</p>
  <p>Genesis 9:25-27 MEV<br>he said, "Canaan be cursed! He will be a servant of servants to his brothers." [26] He also said, "Blessed be the LORD God of Shem, and let Canaan be his servant. [27] May God enlarge Japheth, and may he dwell in the tents of Shem, and may Canaan be his servant."</p>
  <p>Genesis 10:15-20 MEV<br>Canaan was the father of Sidon his firstborn and Heth, [16] and the Jebusites, Amorites, Girgashites, [17] Hivites, Arkites, Sinites, [18] Arvadites, Zemarites, and the Hamathites. Later the families of the Canaanites spread abroad. [19] The border of the Canaanites was from Sidon toward Gerar to Gaza, and then to Sodom, Gomorrah, Admah, Zeboyim, as far as Lasha. [20] These are the sons of Ham, according to their families, according to their languages, in their lands and in their nations.</p>
  <p>EGYPT: Strong’s H4714 - Mitsrayim&nbsp;<br>BDB Lexicon: &nbsp;double straits - This can refer to the 2 sides of the Nile River or it can be “double trouble”.&nbsp;<br>In the Bible, Egypt reminds us of sin and slavery.</p>
  <p>After Abram’s arrival in Canaan there was a famine and Abram had to move temporarily to Egypt. Abram and Sara struggled to have children and eventually Isaac was born. Isaac inherited the land and Rebekah struggled to conceive. Eventually they had twins. Jacob deceived his father and brother and had to leave his inheritance. Later he returned with his wives and sons. Jacob’s beloved wife Rachel dies shortly after their arrival in Canaan. Joseph was sold and taken to Egypt. Later there was a famine in Canaan and Jacob, his sons and their families had to move to Egypt. The Israelites prospered, but after the pharao’s death they became slaves. They stayed in Egypt for 400 years before God called Moses to lead them back to the Promised Land. Due to the Israelites sin, it took another 40 years before the Israelites reached Canaan. Joshua and the Israelites eventually fulfilled Noah’s prophecy (or curse) and Canaan’s offspring lost some of their land. Many years later Mary, Joseph and Jesus had to flee to Egypt to protect Jesus from Herod. After 2 years they could return to Israel.</p>
  <p>God renamed Jacob to Israel and Canaan became known as Israel. Israel as we know it today is much smaller than the land God promised to Abraham, Isaac and Jacob. From Jacob’s 12 sons the nation of Israel was born.&nbsp;<br>ISRAEL: Strong’s H3478 - He struggles with El.&nbsp;<br>BDB Lexicon: God (El) prevails.&nbsp;<br>There is only one God and He is superior to a fallen angel. The enemy hates Israel and doesn’t want a country to exist with God’s name in it.&nbsp;<br>I believe that the Garden of Eden was originally in this area - Genesis 2:14. It stretched from the Nile to the Euphrates River - Genesis 15:18. God always wanted the original garden relationship with us, but the enemy will always try to displace us.</p>
  <p>Throughout the history of Israel there is and was a constant struggle for the people that were called to live in that area. Adam and Eve were displaced from Eden, Abram had to go to Egypt, Sara and Rebekah were barren. Jacob had to flee from his brother and lost his beloved wife when he returned. Joseph was sold and taken to Egypt. Jacob lost Joseph and was reunited with him in Egypt. The Israelites were slaves in Egypt for 400 years. Baby Jesus had to go to Egypt for 2 years. It gives one a better understanding of the spiritual war against Israel and the Jews.</p>
  <p>Maybe you are experiencing warfare in your place of promise. Don’t doubt your calling and position. Warfare isn’t a sign that you are in the wrong place. Oppostion isn’t even a sign that you are sinning. It’s just part of picking up your cross and following Jesus.&nbsp;<br><br>John 16:33 MEV<br>"I have told you these things so that in Me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation. But be of good cheer. I have overcome the world."</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
 </body>
</html>