---
title: "GOD WAS ALWAYS THERE"
date: 2024-05-19T06:16:00+02:00
draft: false
---
<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <p>Revelation 22:13 MEV<br>I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End, the First and the Last."</p>
  <p>The concept that there is no beginning or end to God is difficult to grasp. Genesis 1 sketches the creation of earth, the stars, the moon, sun, plants, animals and the first people. Father God, Jesus and Holy Spirit already existed then and they created the earth. Man was created in their image.</p>
  <p>Man: STRONG’S H120 - Adam, which means mankind; both man and woman were included in the term adam.</p>
  <p>Genesis 1:1-2 MEV<br>In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. [2] The earth was formless and void, darkness was over the surface of the deep, and the Spirit of God was moving over the surface of the water.</p>
  <p>John 1:1-5 MEV<br>In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. [2] He was in the beginning with God. [3] All things were created through Him, and without Him nothing was created that was created. [4] In Him was life, and the life was the light of mankind. [5] The light shines in darkness, but the darkness has not overcome it.</p>
  <p>1 Peter 1:20 MEV<br>He (Jesus) was foreordained before the creation of the world, but was revealed in these last times for you.</p>
  <p>Genesis 1:26 MEV<br>Then God said, "Let US make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the birds of the air, and over the livestock, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth."</p>
  <p>We know that God doesn’t create chaos, therefore something must have happened to make the earth formless, void and covered by darkness. This might give us a little insight into something that happened prior to Genesis. Darkness often implies the absence of God. Satan and his angels fell to earth and probably caused damage to the earth. Jesus saw satan fall from Heaven.&nbsp;<br>Alternatively Ezekiel states that satan walked in Eden, God’s garden. If this is the same garden that God planted in Genesis 2:8 satan only fell after the creation of man. Then my previous explanation for the empty earth and darkness won’t work.</p>
  <p>Keep in mind that God created Helel/Hilel/Heylel perfectly. Unlike God he wasn’t there from the beginning; he was created by God. Helel was a covering cherub that walked on the fiery stones. Like all angels his name ended with God’s name - El. It’s believed that in 300 AD the priest and Bible translator Jerome changed the Hebrew name Helel to the Latin Lucifer. Helel wanted to be like God and fell. Lucifer means bright and shiny one and is a counterfeit. Satan was never created, but is a product of his own pride and selfish desires. His life began on the fiery stones and he will end in the lake of fire. Hell was created for the devil and his angels. God’s goodness makes it possible for us to receive eternal life. Just like there is no end to God, there is no end to the believer. We shall reign forever with Him.</p>
  <p>Luke 10:18 MEV<br>He said to them, "I saw Satan as lightning fall from heaven.</p>
  <p>Revelation 12:9 MEV<br>The great dragon was cast out, that ancient serpent called the Devil and Satan, who deceives the whole world. He was cast down to the earth, and his angels were cast down with him.</p>
  <p>Isaiah 14:12-20 MEV<br>How are you fallen from heaven, O Lucifer, son of the morning! How you are cut down to the ground, you who weaken the nations! [13] For you have said in your heart, "I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God; I will sit also on the mount of the congregation, in the recesses of the north; [14] I will ascend above the heights of the clouds, I will be like the Most High." [15] Yet you shall be brought down to Hell, to the sides of the pit. [16] Those who see you shall stare at you and ponder over you: "Is this the man who made the earth to tremble and shook kingdoms, [17] who made the world as a wilderness and destroyed its cities, who did not open the house of his prisoners?" [18] All the kings of the nations, even all of them, lie in glory, each one in his own tomb; [19] but you are cast out of your grave like an abominable branch and clothed with those who are slain, thrust through with a sword, who go down to the stones of the pit as a corpse trodden underfoot. [20] You shall not be joined with them in burial because you have destroyed your land and slain your people. The seed of evildoers shall never be renowned.</p>
  <p>Genesis 2:8 MEV<br>The LORD God planted a garden in the east, in Eden, and there He placed the man whom He had formed.</p>
  <p>Ezekiel 28:13-19 MEV<br>You were in Eden, the garden of God; every precious stone was your covering: the sardius, topaz, and the diamond, the beryl, the onyx, and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald, and the carbuncle, and gold. The workmanship of your settings and sockets was in you; on the day that you were created, they were prepared. [14] You were the anointed cherub that covers, and I set you there; you were upon the holy mountain of God; you walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire. [15] You were perfect in your ways from the day that you were created, until iniquity was found in you. [16] By the multitude of your merchandise, you were filled with violence in your midst, and you sinned; therefore I have cast you as profane out of the mountain of God; and I have destroyed you, O covering cherub, from the midst of the stones of fire. [17] Your heart was lifted up because of your beauty; you have corrupted your wisdom by reason of your brightness; I cast you to the ground, I lay you before kings, that they may see you. [18] You have defiled your sanctuaries by the multitude of your iniquities, by the iniquity of your trade; therefore I have brought fire out from your midst; it has devoured you, and I have turned you to ashes upon the earth in the sight of all those who see you. [19] All those who know you among the people are astonished at you; you are a terror, and you shall cease to be forever.</p>
  <p>Matthew 25:41 MEV<br>"Then He will say to those at the left hand, 'Depart from Me, you cursed, into the eternal fire, prepared for the devil and his angels.</p>
  <p>2 Peter 3:9 MEV<br>The Lord is not slow concerning His promise, as some count slowness. But He is patient with us, because He does not want any to perish, but all to come to repentance.</p>
  <p>Revelation 22:1-5 MEV<br>Then he showed me a pure river of the water of life, clear as crystal, flowing from the throne of God and of the Lamb [2] in the middle of its street. On each side of the river was the tree of life, which bore twelve kinds of fruit, yielding its fruit each month. The leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations. [3] There shall be no more curse. The throne of God and of the Lamb shall be in it, and His servants shall serve Him. [4] They shall see His face, and His name shall be on their foreheads. [5] Night shall be no more. They need no lamp nor the light of the sun, for the Lord God will give them light. And they shall reign forever and ever.</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
 </body>
</html>