---
title: "LIVE IN THE SPIRIT"
date: 2024-04-15T05:28:00+02:00
draft: false
---
<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <p>Most Christians know they need to live in the Spirit rather than the flesh. It is not always easy to live in the Spirit while we are surrounded by distractions of the world.<br>Galatians 5:16-18 MEV<br>I say then, walk in the Spirit, and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. [17] For the flesh lusts against the Spirit, and the Spirit against the flesh. These are in opposition to one another, so that you may not do the things that you please. [18] But if you are led by the Spirit, you are not under the law.</p>
  <p>Jesus made time every evening to be alone with His Father. We have to make time to be alone with our Heavenly Father.<br>Psalm 91:1-2 MEV<br>He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty. [2] I will say of the LORD, "He is my refuge and my fortress, my God in whom I trust."<br>Matthew 6:6 MEV<br>But you, when you pray, enter your closet, and when you have shut your door, pray to your Father who is in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you openly.</p>
  <p>You can do a self-check if your life showcases the fruit of the Spirit. Please don’t use this to condemn yourself or others. We are here to help each other walk in holiness. The enemy condemns people, Holy Spirit makes us aware of sin to bring us closer to Jesus.</p>
  <p>Galatians 5:22-26 MEV<br>But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, gentleness, goodness, faith, [23] meekness, and self-control; against such there is no law. [24] Those who are Christ's have crucified the flesh with its passions and lusts. [25] If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit. [26] Let us not be conceited, provoking one another and envying one another.</p>
  <p>Your reaction when something bad or negative happens will be an indication of your walk in the Spirit.&nbsp;<br>David strengthened himself in the Lord when his army blamed him and wanted to kill him.<br>1 Samuel 30:6 MEV<br>David was greatly distressed, for the people talked of stoning him, because all the people were bitter in spirit, each over his sons and daughters. But David encouraged himself in the LORD his God.</p>
  <p>Joshua and Caleb didn’t walk by sight, but walked in the Spirit - Numbers 13. If you stare at a problem you will keep living in the flesh. When we surrender a problem to Jesus, Holy Spirit will give us peace and hope for the future.&nbsp;<br>2 Corinthians 4:17-18 TPT<br>We view our slight, short-lived troubles in the light of eternity. We see our difficulties as the substance that produces for us an eternal, weighty glory far beyond all comparison, [18] because we don’t focus our attention on what is seen but on what is unseen. For what is seen is temporary, but the unseen realm is eternal.</p>
  <p>To walk in the Spirit we need to have faith in God. Faith makes it possible to see a positive outcome in the Spirit long before it’s visible to us. Abraham and Noah’s faith made them righteous. Your faith purifies you.<br>Hebrews 11:1 MEV<br>Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.<br>Romans 4:16-17 MEV<br>Therefore the promise comes through faith, so that it might be by grace, that the promise would be certain to all the descendants, not only to those who are of the law, but also to those who are of the faith of Abraham, who is the father of us all [17] (as it is written, "I have made you a father of many nations") before God whom he believed, and who raises the dead, and calls those things that do not exist as though they did.<br>1 John 3:3 TPT<br>And all who focus their hope on him will always be purifying themselves, just as Jesus is pure.</p>
  <p>Always listen to the voice of Holy Spirit. People won’t always support your walk in the Spirit. If you struggle with something surrender it to Holy Spirit. &nbsp;He will help you to find a solution. Without Him we can’t do anything. Holy Spirit will show you if you need to share your problem with people.&nbsp;<br>Proverbs 18:24 MEV - ……. there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.<br>John 14:26 MEV<br>But the Counselor, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in My name, will teach you everything and remind you of all that I told you.<br>John 15:1-8 MEV<br>"I am the true vine, and My Father is the vinedresser. [2] Every branch in Me that bears no fruit, He takes away. And every branch that bears fruit, He prunes, that it may bear more fruit. [3] You are already clean through the word which I have spoken to you. [4] Remain in Me, as I also remain in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit by itself, unless it remains in the vine, neither can you, unless you remain in Me. [5] "I am the vine, you are the branches. He who remains in Me, and I in him, bears much fruit. For without Me you can do nothing. [6] If a man does not remain in Me, he is thrown out as a branch and withers. And they gather them and throw them into the fire, and they are burned. [7] If you remain in Me, and My words remain in you, you will ask whatever you desire, and it shall be done for you. [8] My Father is glorified by this, that you bear much fruit; so you will be My disciples.<br>John 16:13 MEV<br>But when the Spirit of truth comes, He will guide you into all truth. For He will not speak on His own authority. But He will speak whatever He hears, and He will tell you things that are to come.</p>
  <p>Repent and surrender when your flesh gives you trouble. Make time for the Father, remain hopeful and faithful and listen to Holy Spirit and you will walk in the Spirit.</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
 </body>
</html>