---
title: "MINDSET/ GESINDHEID"
date: 2024-02-29T14:25:00+02:00
draft: false
---
<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <p><strong>MINDSET</strong></p>
  <p>There is a nasty critical spirit amongst people. Even preachers have sermons where they criticize other preachers. People seem to be insecure that God gave us different gifts and therefore we have different experiences. The Bible is full of strange events. Enoch and Elijah was raptured, a donkey spoke, God’s hand wrote on the wall, Philip was transported and Jesus walked through walls. The Bible says each person has a calling. We should keep our eyes on Jesus and keep ourselves busy with our own calling. I don’t want to act like an unbeliever because I don’t understand somebody else’s calling. We should have the mindset of Christ and be led by Holy Spirit.</p>
  <p>1 Corinthians 3:3-16 TPT<br>for you are living your lives dominated by the mind-set of the flesh. Ask yourselves: Is there jealousy among you? Do you compare yourselves with others? Do you quarrel like children and end up taking sides? If so, this proves that you are living your lives centered on yourselves, dominated by the mind-set of the flesh, and behaving like unbelievers. [4] For when you divide yourselves up in groups—a “Paul group” and an “Apollos group”—you’re acting like people without the Spirit’s influence. [5] Who is Apollos, really? Or who is Paul? Aren’t we both just servants through whom you believed our message? Aren’t each of us doing the ministry the Lord has assigned to us? [6] I planted the church, and Apollos came and cared for it, but it was God who caused it to grow. [7] This means the one who plants is not anybody special, nor the one who waters, for God is the one who brings the supernatural growth. [8] Now, the one who plants and the one who waters are equally important and on the same team, but each will be rewarded for his own work. [9] We are coworkers with God and you are God’s cultivated garden, the house he is building. [10] God has given me unique gifts as a skilled master builder who lays a good foundation. Afterward another craftsman comes and builds on it. So builders beware! Let every builder do his work carefully, according to God’s standards. [11] For no one is empowered to lay an alternative foundation other than the good foundation that exists, which is Jesus Christ! [12]The quality of materials used by anyone building on this foundation will soon be made apparent, whether it has been built with gold, silver, and costly stones, or wood, hay, and straw. Their work will soon become evident, for the Day will make it clear, because it will be revealed by blazing fire! And the fire will test and prove the workmanship of each builder. [14] If his work stands the test of fire, he will be rewarded. [15] If his work is consumed by the fire, he will suffer great loss. Yet he himself will barely escape destruction, like one being rescued out of a burning house. [16] Don’t you realize that together you have become God’s inner sanctuary and that the Spirit of God makes his permanent home in you?</p>
  <p><br><strong>GESINDHEID</strong></p>
  <p>Daar is ‘n lelike kritiese gees tussen Christene. Sommige predikers het lang boodskappe waar hulle ander predikers kritiseer. Dit wil voorkom asof mense onseker voel omdat ander mense se ervarings met Jesus verskil van hulle eie ervarings. Die Bybel is propvol vreemde dinge wat gebeur het. Henog en Elía is weggeraap na die Hemel, ‘n donkie het gepraat, God se hand het op die muur geskryf, Filippus is bo-natuurlik vervoer en Jesus het deur mure gestap. Elke mens het gawes en ‘n roeping. Ons moet ons oë op Jesus hou en ons besig hou met ons roeping. Ek wil nie soos ‘n ongelowige optree omdat ek nie ander mense se roeping verstaan nie. Ons moet ‘n goddelike gesindheid hê en deur die Heilige Gees gelei word.</p>
  <p>“omdat julle nog vleeslik is; want aangesien daar onder julle jaloersheid en twis en tweedrag is, is julle nie vleeslik nie en wandel julle nie na die mens nie? Want as die een sê: Ek is van Paulus; en die ander: Ek van Apollos — is julle nie vleeslik nie? Wie is Paulus dan, en wie Apollos anders as dienaars deur wie julle gelowig geword het? En dit soos die Here aan elkeen gegee het. Ek het geplant, Apollos het natgemaak, maar God het laat groei. So is dan hy wat plant of hy wat natmaak, niks nie, maar God wat laat groei. Maar hy wat plant en hy wat natmaak, is een, maar elkeen sal sy eie loon volgens sy eie arbeid ontvang. WANT ons is medewerkers van God; die akker van God, die gebou van God is julle. Volgens die genade van God wat aan my gegee is, het ek soos 'n bekwame boumeester die fondament gelê, en 'n ander bou daarop; maar elkeen moet oppas hoe hy daarop bou. Want niemand kan 'n ander fondament lê as wat daar gelê is nie, dit is Jesus Christus. En as iemand op dié fondament bou goud, silwer, kosbare stene, hout, hooi, stoppels — elkeen se werk sal aan die lig kom, want die dag sal dit aanwys, omdat dit deur vuur openbaar gemaak word; en die vuur sal elkeen se werk op die proef stel, hoedanig dit is. As iemand se werk bly staan wat hy daarop gebou het, sal hy loon ontvang; as iemand se werk verbrand word, sal hy skade ly; alhoewel hy self gered sal word, maar soos deur vuur heen. Weet julle nie dat julle 'n tempel van God is en die Gees van God in julle woon nie?”<br>‭‭I KORINTHIËRS‬ ‭3‬:‭3‬-‭16‬ ‭AFR53‬‬<br>&nbsp;</p>
 </body>
</html>