---
title: "PURIM"
date: 2024-03-19T05:26:00+02:00
draft: false
---
<html>
 <head></head>
 <body>
  <p>The Jews will celebrate Purim from the evening of Saturday 23 March to evening of Sunday 24 March 2024.</p>
  <p>Esther 4:13-14 AMPC<br>Then Mordecai told them to return this answer to Esther, Do not flatter yourself that you shall escape in the king's palace any more than all the other Jews. [14] For if you keep silent at this time, relief and deliverance shall arise for the Jews from elsewhere, but you and your father's house will perish. And who knows but that you have come to the kingdom for such a time as this and for this very occasion?</p>
  <p>We all know the famous words - “you are born for such a time as this” &nbsp;- where Esther had to stand up for the Jews, but do we really know what Purim is about? &nbsp;Mighty King Ahasuerus (Xerxes) ruled over 127 provinces from India to Ethiopia. His wife Vashti was disobedient and therefore not allowed in the king’s presence. A new wife Esther was chosen.</p>
  <p>Haman was promoted to the highest seat of all the princes and everybody had to bow down to him. Esther’s unlce Mordecai was a Jew and refused to bow down. Haman casted a Pur or a lot for a favourable day to get rid of Mordecai.</p>
  <p>STRONG’S H6332 - Pur: The lot, consisting of pebbles, sticks or<br>pottery shards were thrown to make desisions.&nbsp;<br>Purim: A Jewish festival celebrating God’s control over casting lots.</p>
  <p>Haman (magnificent - BDB LEXICON) wanted to wipe all the Jews from the earth. This sounds very familiar. Now we hear Hamas (Hebrew chamas means violence and Arabian hamas means zeal) chants: “from the river to the sea…” On 13 Nisan (the first month) a letter was sent through the whole kingdom that all the Jews were to be killed on 13 Adar (the 12 th month).</p>
  <p>Mordecai sent a message to Esther. Esther had put her life on the line in order to save a nation. The next time you hear that “you were born for such a time as this” you have to ask yourself whether you are prepared to risk your life? After 3 days of fasting Esther courageously went to the king. Esther went to the king without an invitation, but also revealed to him that she herself was a Jew. Esther arranged a banquet with the king and Haman where she would share her request with the king. During the night the king realized he never honoured Mordecai for his service. Haman was very distraught about this and later at the banquet Esther exposed Haman as the enemy of the Jews. Haman died on the gallows he constructed for Mordecai. On 13 Adar the Jews defended themselves and their enemies and the 10 sons of Haman were killed. The Jews celebrated their victory and the feast of Purim began.</p>
  <p>Purim reminds us that God uses His people to bring deliverance to nations. Esther’s courageous obedience saved a whole nation. God has a purpose and a calling for your life. He wants to use you. You might have to risk your life to fulfill your calling. Will you be courageous like Esther and Mordecai? Holy Spirit will help you to fulfill every plan the Father has for you.</p>
  <p>Esther 3:7 AMPC<br>In the first month, the month of Nisan, in the twelfth year of King Ahasuerus, Haman caused Pur, that is, lots, to be cast before him day after day [to find a lucky day for his venture], month after month, until the twelfth, the month of Adar.</p>
  <p>Esther 3:7 KJV<br>In the first month, that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.</p>
  <p>Esther 3:8 AMPC<br>Then Haman said to King Ahasuerus, There is a certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the peoples in all the provinces of your kingdom; their laws are different from every other people, neither do they keep the king's laws. Therefore it is not for the king's profit to tolerate them.</p>
  <p><br>Esther 9:24-26 AMPC<br>Because Haman son of Hammedatha, the Agagite, the enemy of all the Jews, had plotted against the Jews to destroy them and had cast Pur, that is, the lot, [to find a lucky day] to crush and consume and destroy them. [25] But when Esther brought the matter before the king, he commanded in writing that Haman's wicked scheme which he had devised against the Jews should return upon his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows. [26] Therefore they called these days Purim, after the name Pur [lot]. Therefore, because of all that was in this letter and what they had faced in this matter and what had happened to them,</p>
  <p>Esther 9:24-26 KJV<br>Because Haman the son of Hammedatha, the Agagite, the enemy of all the Jews, had devised against the Jews to destroy them, and had cast Pur, that is, the lot, to consume them, and to destroy them; [25] But when Esther came before the king, he commanded by letters that his wicked device, which he devised against the Jews, should return upon his own head, and that he and his sons should be hanged on the gallows. [26] Wherefore they called these days Purim after the name of Pur. Therefore for all the words of this letter, and of that which they had seen concerning this matter, and which had come unto them,</p>
  <p>&nbsp;</p>
 </body>
</html>